I'm Dave and this is the Mako spearguns
rapid on/off camera mounting system
installation video note before we mount
the system to our spear gun we're going
to liberally apply marine grease to all
the screws the first step in mounting
the kit to your spear gun is to place
the protective rubber pad inside the
clamp then slip the clamp over the
barrel and tighten the screws the unique
clamp design fits on any gun and will
not interfere with the guns operation
now tighten the Allen screws on the
clamp tighten it good and snug but don't
over-tighten the screws next screw the
knob into the clamp just a turn or two
and then slip the camera bracket on and
tighten the knob next we'll attach the
camera to the bracket using the knob and
pads supplied with the kit if you're
using a GoPro you'll need there tripod
mount as the housing doesn't have a
standard attachment point one really
important safety feature of the camera
mounting system is its ability to
rapidly be removed and reattached by
loosening the knob and slipping the
bracket off the clamp you can safely
video your buddy without ever pointing
your gun towards it not only can you
video your underwater targets but if
you're into selfies just spin the camera
around and hit the record button most
spear guns with any power at all will
have some recoil the GoPro housing and
tripod mount mating surfaces are smooth
plastic and the thumb screw that
connects them often can't be cranked
down tight enough to prevent your GoPro
from tilting forward and down upon
firing and there you are filming the
bottom of the ocean while you just stone
the trophy of your trip
our recoil stabilizer solves that issue
by installing the stabilizer at the
housing mount and replacing the GoPro
knob with our longer screw just tighten
the screw and the hero3 is now locked in
place
of course the rapid on/off feature also
makes it easy to travel and store your
gun without the bracket attached you
learn more about the rapid on-off camera
mounting system at Mako spearguns comm
or click the link below